Copyright <2019 The Jackson Laboratory>

1. This product includes all or a portion of the LOINC Table, LOINC Table Core, LOINC Panels and Forms File, LOINC Answer File, LOINC Part File, LOINC Group File, LOINC Document Ontology File, LOINC Hierarchies, LOINC Linguistic Variants File, LOINC/RSNA Radiology Playbook, LOINC/IEEE Medical Device Code Mapping Table, and LOINC Display Name File or is derived from one or more of the foregoing, subject to a license from Regenstrief Institute, Inc. Your use of the LOINC Table, LOINC Table Core, LOINC Panels and Forms File, LOINC Answer File, LOINC Part File, LOINC Group File, LOINC Document Ontology File, LOINC Hierarchies, LOINC Linguistic Variants File, LOINC/RSNA Radiology Playbook, LOINC/IEEE Medical Device Code Mapping Table, and LOINC Display Name File also is subject to this license, a copy of which is available https://loinc.org/license/. The current complete LOINC Table, LOINC Table Core, LOINC Panels and Forms File, LOINC Answer File, LOINC Part File, LOINC Group File, LOINC Document Ontology File, LOINC Hierarchies, LOINC Linguistic Variants File, LOINC/RSNA Radiology Playbook, LOINC/IEEE Medical Device Code Mapping Table, and LOINC Display Name File are available for download at http://loinc.org. The LOINC Table and LOINC codes are copyright © 1995-2018, Regenstrief Institute, Inc. and the Logical Observation Identifiers Names and Codes (LOINC) Committee. The LOINC Table, LOINC Table Core, LOINC Panels and Forms File, LOINC Answer File, LOINC Part File, LOINC Group File, LOINC Document Ontology File, LOINC Hierarchies, LOINC Linguistic Variants File, LOINC/RSNA Radiology Playbook, LOINC/IEEE Medical Device Code Mapping Table, and LOINC Display Name File are copyright © 1995-2018, Regenstrief Institute, Inc. All rights reserved. THE LOINC TABLE (IN ALL FORMATS), LOINC TABLE CORE, LOINC PANELS AND FORMS FILE, LOINC ANSWER FILE, LOINC PART FILE, LOINC GROUP FILE, LOINC DOCUMENT ONTOLOGY FILE, LOINC HIERARCHIES, LOINC LINGUISTIC VARIANTS FILE, LOINC/RSNA RADIOLOGY PLAYBOOK, LOINC/IEEE MEDICAL DEVICE CODE MAPPING TABLE, AND LOINC DISPLAY NAME FILE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS." ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE DISCLAIMED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. LOINC® is a registered United States trademark of Regenstrief Institute, Inc. A small portion of the LOINC Table may include content (e.g., survey instruments) that is subject to copyrights owned by third parties. Such content has been mapped to LOINC terms under applicable copyright and terms of use. Notice of such third-party copyright and license terms would need to be included if such content is included.

2. Interpretations of laboratory tests in the project are for academic research uses only, and should not be used for medical diagnosis without consulation with licensed medical professionals.

3. We suggest that you follow standard scientific citation practice if you use the LOINC to HPO mappings contained in this repository in publications.

3. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

4. The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

5. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

